Welcome back.
Let's make this a little bit more dynamic.
We have our home wrote.
But for all the other Asian male pages I'll be nice if this was generated dynamically so that we don't
have to copy and paste code so let's delete all of these and instead use this little syntax that we
learned about where we can dynamically accept different U.R.L. parameters.
In this case we can just call it page name.
And this page name should be a string right.
So now we can use the string type to say I want the page name.
So this is going to be a simple page and we want to render in the template the data that was entered
in the U.R.L. so we can actually give it the page name here as the input and print out the page name
here.
Let's see if this works I'm going to save this go back to our home page and it works what if I do works.
Look at that.
If I go to about me about me works contact.
All right.
Contact is working but the CSF isn't being applied.
So we have to update that and we still see the components.
All right.
So there's a few things that we need to fix but everything is working dynamically which is great.
And you see that even index that Asia amount that we had issues with before is now working which is
great.
So let's fix a few things.
We've now made our code super simple and easy to understand but there is a few bugs that we need to
fix in our code.
First is to remove the components.
Now the reason this is happening is that each page if we screw up to the top.
So let's go to the about page has the components link.
So from each page we just have to remove the components.
So let's go to contact remove the components here go to index.
We've already removed the components for that one.
If I go to work Work is a little bit different.
We'll get back to that in a second.
If we go to works and again at the top and the navigation the components we can just remove just like
that.
We also saw that the context page does I have CSX added to it.
So again we go back and we add the static
folder here.
Same with the fab icon
right over here and then the javascript file at the bottom
if we save go back let's refresh
and go to home if we go to works that works about me that works.
Contact.
Look at that how pretty is that all right now a few things that I want to fix here.
One is that we see that the numbers don't match over here.
We want them to ideally match rate.
So we have this working but then about me and contact.
That's kind of weird.
Let's see why that is.
If we go back we go to contact we see that in the navigation.
We have one two three four which looks great but then at the bottom we see that the numbers contact
me are a little bit off.
So let's just do 0 4 4.
Contact me if we go to about making sure that the about page or about me is 0 3.
So let's do that.
And now if I save and refresh we have contact me about me works and hope.
All right.
Two last things.
And then we're going to get back to Python I promise one.
I want to change this text so that it says my name and maybe I'm a python developer.
So all we have to do is once again go to index dot A.T.M. and look for this text ad your site or app
content here so we can see here it says Hello I'm James Dean French designer.
So let's just say I'm Andre Natalie and let's say Python let's say expert sounds cooler working as a
freelancer let's do an instructor.
Because I am an instructor after all
so that if I save and refresh How awesome is that super super simple.
That looks pretty neat.
All right.
The last thing is the works part.
If you look at my works and I click on discover.
All right.
So here you can add your own projects that you want.
If I go to 0 6 I guess the links you're under aren't working since we only have one work.
But let's say you wanted to add a different project.
All we have to do is simply say work to dot HMO and link in 0 0 to here with work to.
Let me show you how that's done.
So let's go to work that HMO if we do.
Control f and do 0 0 2.
We see that these are the links.
Look at that 0 0 2 0 0 3.
So all we have to do is perhaps change the link here to work to dot HP AML so that it links to work
too.
Now that's something that you can do on your own.
Again we don't want to focus too much on a sham on CSX because it's outside the scope of this course
but as you can see we have a pretty neat Web site pretty fast.
It only took us a couple of minutes and you now have a portfolio what page.
But there is one big piece missing and one thing that python can really help us with that is this contact
form.
It wouldn't be a real portfolio Web site unless people can contact you right.
Maybe employers or people that need work down can actually send you a message.
So over the next couple of videos we're actually going to explore this where we're able to send information
to our server and the backend and actually capture it and save it and store it somewhere.
I'll see in the next one by.